Ryan Didcote-Hayward
https://profilepic.png
Environment Artist II / Playground Games
08/29/2024
Working with Elliott was a great experience. I was moved into the lighting team toward the end of the project to provide extra support. He was patient and kind, and his expertise in environment art and lighting allowed him to bridge the gap and smooth my transition to his department. Elliott has incredible people skills and a real knack for teaching - he is a truly inspiring individual who I'd highly recommend!
---
Vishesh Srivastava
https://profilepic.png
Senior Lighting Artist / Gunzilla Games
08/23/2024
I've known Elliott for a couple of years now and am fortunate to call him a perfect friend and an amazing colleague to work with. Recently, we worked together on the new, 'Until Dawn 2024' and He played quite an astonishing job as a part of the lighting team. Elliott is a sound, experienced and knowledgeable person, who's proficient and proactive in day-to-day and long-term responsibilities, whether for lighting or any other phase of the development pipeline. His environment art and teaching background certainly is a boon for the whole team he's a part of. I can highly recommend him, even with my eyes closed as He'll be an amazing addition to any team he'll work with!
---
Javert Valbarr
JV.png
Lighting Artist / 4A Games
08/21/2024
Elliott is a talented Lighting Artist who has the additional benefit of previous Environment Art experience, meaning he can diagnose and solve lighting issues that have to do with materials, textures, or require 3D modelling to fake various lighting effects. He is attentive to details, very organized in his tasks, and shows excellent initiative in all aspects. I have greatly enjoyed working with Elliott on Until Dawn and thank him for all of his efforts.
---
Greg Penninck
https://profilepic.png
Marketing Artist / Realtime UK
01/30/2023
Elliott is a fantastic colleague and someone I'd trust on any project. Elliott always produces high quality artefacts and works closely with colleagues in a very collaborative manner. It's been a pleasure to work together on so many different Game Art and Teaching challenges. He's a credit to the team and brings a lot of life, joy and energy to everyday challenges!